Welcome to Long Shuai's triumph
Report to your majesty
Liao Fanxing is not humiliated
Kill the Thief
triumphant return
Aiqing flat body
Daxia has Long Shuai as me
Is my star
Great Summer Star
Thank you, Your Majesty
From now on, Long Led Liao Fan to seal Yi's surname Wang
Take the tri-state fief
Feng Wanfujue
Thank you your majesty
Liao Fan will die for Great Xia's interference apprentice in this life
But it all had a prophet's condition.
Prophet condition
I want to marry you
Your Majesty cannot
I was a childhood sweetheart with Senior Sister Chen Tianjiao
I will not marry again except for my senior sister
If it is the daughter of the prince, force it on me, Your Majesty
Then I would rather give up the seal than get married
Really so strong
You have a little conscience
I didn't live up to my sister's painstaking efforts
Senior sister, why are you wearing a wedding dress?
i
Wedded by His Majesty
Liao Fan, if you dare to let down Zhanwang Chen
Then I won't give you everything I just said.
But you passed the test
What I have said must be fulfilled one by one
Thank you Your Majesty for giving me a marriage. It's pointless
Thank you Your Majesty for the marriage, hahahaha.
Three days later, I arranged a wedding banquet in the palace
To tell the world